['Inside European Political Parties in Gallagher, Michael, Michael Laver, and Peter Mair . ', 'Cleavage Structures, Party Systems, and Voter Alignments An ', 'A Note on Methods in ', 'In From the Cold Causal Inference and Postcommnism Annual Review of Political ', 'The Great Experiment that WasntPolitical Perestroika ', 'The Classical SovietType Economy Journal of Economic Perspective , . ', 'Everything you Know About the Collapse of Communism is Wrong Foreign Policy. ', 'Accounting for Postcommunist Regime Diversity What Counts as a Good Cause? in ', 'Conceptions of Democracy in the Draft Constitutions of the Post Communist Countrie ', 'Back to the Drawing Board in East European Constitutional Review Winter', 'The Politics of Economic Transformation Is the Third World Experience Relevant in Eastern ', 'The End of the Transition Paradigm, Journal of Democracy, vol, no., January ', ' in Preying on the State,pages', 'Capitalism by Democratic Design? Democratic Theory Facing the Triple Transition in East ', 'Should Transitologists Be Grounded? Slavic Review pp.. JSTOR ', 'What is a State?', 'War Making and State Making as Organized Crime In Bringing the State Back In . ed. ', 'PostCommunism as an Episode of StateBuilding Communist and PostCommunist ', 'The Invisible Hand and the Grabbing Hand American Economic Review ', 'The Great Divide PreCommunist Schooling and Post', 'Cultural Legacy or State Collapse? Perspectives on Postcommunism, Ed Michael Mandelbaum. ', 'The Integrity of Corrupt State Graft as an Informal State Institution, Politics and Society, vol ', 'Dagestan WeddingWilliam Burns, US Embassy Official. . ', 'The Two Faces of Russian Courts Evidence from a Survey of Company Managers, East ', 'Problem of Knowledge from Promoting the Rule of Law ', 'Seize the State, Seize the Day Journal of ', 'A Politics of Institutional Choice PostCommunist Presidencies, Comparative Political ', 'Corporate RaidingPostSoviet Affair ', 'Political Competition and the Politicization of the State in East Central Europe, ', 'Politics of Revenue Extraction Poland and Russia Compared, Politics and Society . ', 'Who is Succeeding and Why? World Bank www.worldbank.org/eca/actc ', 'Can Foreign Aid Promote the Rule of Law? East European Constitutional Review ', 'Winners Take All The Politics of Partial Reform World Politics, January .JSTOR ', 'What Do We Know about the Political Economy of ', 'The Market as Prison, Journal of Politics May, . ', 'Understanding Economic Policy Reform Journal of Economic Literature ', 'Whither Reform? Annual Bank Conference on Development', 'Whence Reform?; A Reply ', 'The End of Economic Transition Economics of Transition.. . ', 'The Role of Oligarchs in Russian Capitalism Journal of Economic ', 'Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan A Tale of Two Transition Paths? World Bank ', 'The Uzbek Model of Economic DevelopmentEconomics of Transition', 'Will More Countries Become Democratic?Political Science Quarterly, Summer, ', 'What Democracy is \xa6and is Not The Global Resurgence of Democracy, ed. Larry Diamond. ', 'Democracy, Capitalism and the End of Transition in Perspectives on Postcommunism, New York ', 'The Rise of Competitive Authoritarianism Journal of Democracy ', 'Geographic Diffusion and Transformation of Post', 'Transitions from Communism, Journal of Democracy ,July, . . JSTOR ', 'Rethinking Recent Democratization World Politics, January . . . ', 'Authoritarian State Building and the Sources of Regime Competitiveness in the Fourth Wave The ', 'The Weakness of Postcommunist Civil Society, Journal of Democracy, vol, ', 'The Strange Death of the Liberal Consensu Journal of Democracy ,JSTOR ', 'Are Russians Undemocratic? [Available electronically at Carnegie ', 'Flight From Freedom What Russians Think and Want Foreign Affairs, May/June .', 'Is Russia Cursed by Oil? Journal of International AffairsSpring issue.Columbia ', 'Development Based on Commodity ', 'Authoritarian Government In Oxford Handbook of Political Economy. Ed. Barry Weingast.', 'Simulations of Power in Putin Russia Russia After the Fall. Carnegie Endowment for ', 'Political Machines at Work Electoral Subversion and ', 'Field Experiment Evidence of Vote Fraud in Parliamentary Elections in Russia', 'Semblance of a Democratic Revolution Coalitions in Ukraine Orange Revolution ', 'Regime Cycles Democracy, Autocracy, and Revolution in PostSoviet Russia World Politics, October ', 'International Diffusion and Postcommunist Electoral Revolutions, ', 'Ukraine Orange RevolutionForeign Affairs March/April , . JSTOR ', 'The Logic of Clan Politics Evidence from Central Asian Trajectorie World Politics, January ', 'Unhappiness in Transition Journal Of Economic ', 'Reading Russia Right Carnegie Endowment Policy Brief. . ', 'Russia A Normal Country Russia After Communism Journal of ']